fix: better support for custom gitlab ports (#1368)
firecow/gitlab-ci-local: README.md

Docker executor copies artifacts to and from .gitlab-ci-local/artifacts

### Self Hosted Custom Ports

> If your self-host gitlab instance uses custom ports, it is recommended to manually define the `CI_SERVER_PORT` and `CI_SERVER_SHELL_SSH_PORT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your self-hosted GitLab instance uses custom ports, it is recommended to manually define the `CI_SERVER_PORT` and/or `CI_SERVER_SHELL_SSH_PORT` variables accordingly.
```
